This earthquake is just nonsense.
What nonsense
Breeze Tiancheng is a plain
There hasn't been an earthquake for thousands of years.
This trash is probably stupid in the kennel
It is said that there will be an earthquake in Tiancheng
Hahaha
Striker, don't talk nonsense
If there is an earthquake
The official has already made an announcement
And today is gorgeous to participate in the Science and Technology Progress Award
Choose if you can win
Gorgeous will receive 10 million registrations
get through it
I can't go
Mengxue, you believe me
It's impossible for me to joke with you about such a big matter.
Humph dad deceives
Dad just doesn't want to accompany Yaoyao on her birthday
Do you see it?
Even children can't be deceived by what he says
Qin Feng, I'm looking at you
I'm just afraid that there will be no place to eat cold rice after the gorgeous sale
What else about earthquakes?
Interesting boring
Qingfeng, if you help distribute flyers today
I can still look up to him
Now it looks like you're not just a piece of crap
Still a liar
Just a mouthful of lies
It just makes you look funny and ridiculous
What do you want to die? I won't stop you.
Let's go
Isn't this the soft rice man raised by the Duan family?
How dare you come here to make trouble
Hu Shao, you are here
This is Hu Tianyi from the Hu family
Hu Shao is really a talented person
That's not
I heard that this exchange meeting was still hosted by the Hu family
Hu Shao and Qinfeng keep talking about earthquakes
Bewitching people here
You've got to get him out of here.
Qin Feng
Today, the Chief Executive is coming to inspect the exchange meeting
If you dare to create fear in the nonsense again
Don't blame me for being rude to you.
Hu Tianyi will have an earthquake in 30 minutes
Don't cancel the exchange meeting
How many lives of the Hu family are not enough to pay
You kid is endless, right?
Breeze you know
Do you know how to organize a exchange meeting?
How much will it cost?
Just say a big word and let us cancel it.
Don't you think it's funny
Ok what don't you believe
Then you will bear the consequences
Let's go I'm not going
Unless dad proves it
Otherwise, dad is lying
Hahaha, did you see that?
His daughter doesn't believe his nonsense
Qin Fang, if you can really prove that the earthquake
I can cancel the meeting
And he also gave you the Hu family's property
Just when you saved our family
I don't want all the Zen of your Hu family
I only need ten million
With 10 million, you can put it gorgeously to get through this difficult time
OK, if there hadn't been an earthquake today.
Then you divorce Meng Xue
Let Meng Xue marry me
How is it?
That's a deal.